Add keep words token filter docs #8064 (#8124)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _analyzers/token-filters/keep-words.md

---
layout: default
title: Keep words
parent: Token filters
nav_order: 190
---

# Keep words token filter

> The `keep_words` token filter is designed to include only certain words in the analysis process. This filter is useful if you have a large body of text but are only interested in certain keywords or terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `keep_words` token filter is designed to keep only certain words during the analysis process. This filter is useful if you have a large body of text but are only interested in certain keywords or terms.
```

## Parameters

The `keep_words` token filter can be configured with the following parameters.

Parameter | Required/Optional | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :--- 

> `keep_words` |  Required if `keep_words_path` is not configured | List of strings | List of words to be kept.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`keep_words` |  Required if `keep_words_path` is not configured | List of strings | The list of words to keep.
```

> `keep_words_path` | Required if `keep_words` is not configured | String | Path to a file containing list of words to be kept.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`keep_words_path` | Required if `keep_words` is not configured | String | The path to the file containing the list of words to keep.
```

> `keep_words_case` | Optional | Boolean | Lowercase all words during comparison. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`keep_words_case` | Optional | Boolean | Whether to lowercase all words during comparison. Default is `false`.
```

 

## Example

> The following example request creates a new index named `my_index` and configures an analyzer with `keep_words` filter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example request creates a new index named `my_index` and configures an analyzer with a `keep_words` filter:
```
